Our Team

James
Sales Manager

Chris
Marketing Manager

Tim
Logistics Manager

Anna
Production Team Manager

Maggie
Production Team Manager

Mollie
Print Manager
Our Business
Retail Direct
Corporate Management
Embroidery Partners

Not just a Uniform!
As a business, your brand is one of your greatest assets. Your people represent this brand and create the first impression for your clients. How your people represent your brand should not be taken lightly. Providing uniform clothing not only promotes your brand in a professional manner, it also helps your staff feel part of the team.

It is important to understand that the physical product we supply is secondary to the end result we will achieve for you. We will work with you to ensure your brand is promoted in the most efficient and cost effective way, whilst also being practical for its day to day use.

If you are looking to simply purchase workwear as cheaply as possible then in all honesty we probably aren’t the people for you. If you are looking to work with a professional company to enhance your brand in your marketplace using Corporate Clothing as a tool to achieve this – then lets talk!


Why Have a Staff Uniform
Staff Uniforms Create That Professional Business Image.

Promote Your Company or Brand
When employees wear uniforms displaying corporate logos and colours they help brand and differentiate their business in the markets they serve.

Have Pride in what you wear
Work uniforms help instill a sense of pride and responsibility and can convert employees ‘into brand ambassadors’.

Get Free Advertising
Well designed work uniforms worn in public become walking advertisement boards, promoting a company’s products and services.


One Size Doesn’t Fit All
No matter what bussines roles you are looking to cover, our vast range uniforms cover them all from Office Staff & Management uniforms to Construction, Retail &  Hospitality Workwear..


Book a Discovery Call
Leave your details and we’ll send you instant demo access, then follow up to find a time that works.




First Name *
Email *
Last Name *
Phone *
Company *
I Agree to your T&Cs and Consent to having my Data Stored and Collected *

What is 2 + 3?
